Described adding _redirect file for deploying to Netlify (#1685)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/getting-started/quick-start.md

![deploying to Netlify](/images/quick-guide/netlify/create-netlify-account.png)

> The next step is to let the web app server know how to handle URLs.
> For Netlify, you can create a file in your `ember-quickstart` folder called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to let the web app server know how to handle URLs. There are 2 ways to do so.

One, you can create a file in your `ember-quickstart` folder called
```

`_redirects`. Add `/* /index.html 200` to the first line and save the file. 
This will let the server know to redirect all pages to `index.html` file. 
Once redirected, Ember.js app itself will generate the matching html for URLs such as `/scientists`.

> Or, you can use tools created by the community to help make deploying easier,
> such as [ember-cli-netlify](https://github.com/shipshapecode/ember-cli-netlify). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use an addon created by the community, such as [ember-cli-netlify](https://github.com/shipshapecode/ember-cli-netlify), to handle URLs.
```

Now you are ready to deploy your app to production on Netlify platform. There are two ways to do this:

1. Deploying to Netlify using drag and drop
2. Deploying to Netlify using Git (specifically GitHub)

**Deploying to Netlify using drag and drop**

> You may need to re-create your `dist/` directory to include changes made to `_redirects` file by running this command

Reviewer: The trailing slash looked a little weird to me. I'd have expected `/dist` or just `dist`.

```suggestion
You may need to re-create your `dist` directory to include changes made to `_redirects` file by running this command
```
